she was taken to interventional radiology where 3 peripheral branches of the right renal artery was embolized, and a blood filtering line was placed under sterile procedure in the right internal jugular.
patient was successfully extubated, and chest tube removed without complication following resolution of air leak.
encourage/assist with by mouth intake and give supplements at minimum of 3 times daily.
38 year old male with known mitral regurgitation and mitral valve prolapse with new onset abnormal heart rate.
he was not feverish and blood filtering stable at the time of transfer to medicine floor.
patient became anuric with worsening kidney function and fast rise in potassium.
transported to outside hospital where a left chest tube was placed for a pneumothorax and transferred to hospital1 hospital.
the patient underwent emergent catheterization and 2 promus drug eluting stents were placed in the left circumflex artery, which was found to be 100 % occluded.
patient proportion of red blood cells was stable, did not have vomiting for 24 hours and was able to tolerat last name ( left), first name3 ( left ) ocreaotide drip was stopped.
lisinopril was restarted given his blood dynamics stability and slightly elevated blood pressures.
a flexible catheter was placed for outpatient antibiotic therapy on 6-29.
plans were for her to remain intubated until some of her swelling decreased.
chest surgery attending agreed to discontinue her lovenox at that time as she had been treated for a prior lung blood clot for atleast 6 months.
the effusion was noted to be loculated by body imaging and chest x-ray.
he was intubated and treated for presumed aspiration lung infection.
this resolved after two sublingual nitroglycerin drops and patient also has nitrolycerin patch.
his left ventricular blood pumping score was estimated at 36 % with diffuse hypokinesis.
the patient may need a pericardial window or balloon surgery if the effusion increases in size.
the patient remained euvolemic throughout his hospital course, stable on blood dynamics, with treatment for mild high blood pressure as above.
at the outside hospital, the patient reportendly had an unremarkable electrocardiogram and negative cardiac markers negative x 3.
heart attack/catheterization - history of 3v-catheter graft with only right coronary artery graft still patent.
she was kept nothing by mouth until bowel function returned then diet was advanced as tolerated.
creatinine viral load was sent and returned negative.
a bedside traction pin was placed in the right femur by orthopaedics.
he was given tissue plasminogen activator and strength improved within 3 hours.
her urine output slowly fell, however, and it was difficult to diurese her any further which such severely reduced kidney perfusion.
patient 1557 is a 71 year-old female with history of abnormal heart rate and congestive heart failure ( since november 2178 per patient ) who presented to hospital3 last night for shortness of breath.
he was found to grow glomeruli bacteria and infectious doctor was consulted and recommended narrowing to unasyn and to evaluate for infection of bone.
her last name 3041 was discharged.
# rhythm : after coming out of critical care unit, found to have sinus slow heart rate, 2:1 block.
name10 907 urinalysis prior to discharge was negative for blood.
his alanine transaminase remained slightly elevated, but his bilirubin remained normal and he tolerated a low fat diet.
vs prior to transfer 97.7, pulse : 87, respiratory rate : 16,
the patient did not require intubation, was managed on ventilator and weaned down to nasal cannula.
over the night of her operation she became low blood pressure with systolic blood pressure to the 80s and she was started on dopamine drip this was ultimately thought to be related to low calcium level.
on 2135-3-19, the patient had significant bright red blood per rectum with a drop in his proportion of red blood cells from 25 to 16.
she was started on dilantin and her level was 12.1.
patient 732 is a 59 year old female with metastatic breast cancer with recent hospitalization for lung blood clot who presents with shortness of breath and acute agitation.
on the floor, he was re-started on his coumadin with a target international normalized ratio of 2.0 - 3.0.
42 year old female with history of brain blood collects 2-26, ethanol abuse,?
review of systems + per history of present illness, some calf cramping and difficulty swallowing on review of systems, she denies any prior history of stroke, transient ischemic attack, deep venous blood clot, lung clog, bleeding at the time of surgery, cough, coughing up of blood, black
she reports that over the last 6 days, she has also noticed increasing legs swelling for which she has been taking increasing doses of lasix.
he denies chest discomfort, shortness of breath, paroxysmal abnormal reversal of blood flow or orthopnea currently.
82 year old male with a history of 6 prior percutaneous coronary intervention's ( in state 622 and state 108 ) admitted for worsening chest pain to the floor status post cath with tight left anterior descending and diffuse left circumflex artery disease without intervention.
the patient was admitted to the intensive care unit with neuro-oncology, palliative care, and medicine consults.
postoperatively she was transferred to the intensive care unit for close monitoring.
it was localized in her right forehead and radiating to her occiput.
fast scan showed some peritoneal fluid, which surgery determined was not a significant swelling that is filled with blood.
in the emergency department, she had a respiratory rate in the 30's, and she received albuterol nebs, heliox, and 3mg ativan.
creatinine remained at baseline for the remainder of hospitalization.
post transfusion proportion of red blood cells was initially 24.4 and then increased to 25.6 on 10-22.
because of intermittent slow heart rate, this was changed to a nicardipine drip while by mouth captopril was started.
he was transferred to hospital1 18 location 86 cath lab where he was found to have 90 % hazy left anterior descending lesion successfully stented with bare metal stent.
in the intensive care unit, his creatinine continued to trend down to 1.5 and by vein fluids were subsequently held.
patient seemed quite depressed through much of his stay with what appeared to be a lack of motivation and a very blunted affect.
the anxiety improved after transfer to the floor, she was significantly less anxious at the time of discharge.
after obtaining a dental panorex, it was suggested to extract 4 teeth prior to surgery.
also, there were moderate right basal pleural much fluid that had shown some interval reduction in size.
patient receives large volume paracentesis weekly and was noted to have a bloody tap on 2164-12-12.
he did not note any of the tightness with exertion.
# high blood sugar : hyperglycemia may be due to patient not taking insulin this evening vs infection given complains of nausea.
the patient was given levo/flagyl, with coverage later expanded to add vancomycin and aztrenam given the allergy to penicillin.
she was immediately begun on a heparin drip upon admission to the intensive care unit with her parathyroid hormone closely monitored.
during the pregnancy the mother was treated epivir and cyclosporins.
87 year old female with history of poorly controlled high blood pressure, congestive heart failure, heart disease presents with shortness of breath of sudden onset the morning of admission.
a 71year old female with past medical history acute myelogenous leukemia, neutropenic fever, throid goiter, admitted to outside hospital service for neutroenic fever found to have right upper lobe infiltrate, she was treated with broad spectrum antibiotics, her course was complicated by acute kidney failure after discussion
prior to that, last implantable cardioverter defibrillator firing was on halloween.
currently, denies any complaints of chest pain, shortness of breath on exertion, shortening of breath when lying flat, or orthopnea.
he continued to gain strength of the left side and repeat body imaging was done on the day of discharge which demonstrated an area of subacute infarct in the right precentral gyrus.
at the time of discharge on 3-13 he is tolerating a regular diet, walking with an assistive device, not feverish with stable vital signs.
in heparin and aspirin were discontinued, and pneumoboots were started.
# low oxygen level she was initially treated for lung infection based on her chest xray right lower lobe consolidation with antibiotics to cover for hepatitis c virus organisms ( vanc/cefepime/ciprofloxacin ).
in intensive care unit, denies any abdominal pain, bright red blood per rectum, melena, chest pain, difficulty breathing, light headedness, palpitations.
he does have a mild headache without nausea, vomiting weakness or pain caused by too little blood flow to the brain.
her pulmonary arterial pressures were 60s/30s.
ultrasound and doppler studies were obtained to rule out hospital ward name cyst and aneurysm.
he has other medical problems including significant peripheral vascular disease requiring multiple amputations.
his hospital course was subsequently significant for clinical evidence of volume overload for which he was diuresed with by vein lasix.
patient 96619 was transferred from the medical intensive care unit to the floor on 2184-8-22, for further management.
the patient then was appointed a legal guardian on 2189-8-27.
for this, right common iliac artery to common femoral artery bypass and femoral-femoral cross-over graft were performed.
he took nitroglycerin x2 with relief of pain, but rapid recurrence of pain within minutes.
on the morning of admission he felt weak, he slipped on two stairs and fell on his buttocks and sustained a small abrasion to his hand.
this is a 39 year old male who was transferred from hospital3 1280 hospital for multiple stab wounds to the head and chest and for back injury after a fall from height.
82 year old man with severe vascular disease with symptomatic doctor first name 3098 disease, 90 % restriction in blood supply on ultrasound with amaurosis fugax and possible syncopal episode now status post carotid stent with good restoration of flow.
his postoperative days 4 am chest x-ray was stable with no increased air leaking into the space between lung and chest wall, his chest tube was then pulled and follow up chest radiograph was stable.
80 year old male with chronic disease of the kidneys, diabetes, and congestive heart failure who has a history of of hepatic encephalopathy who presented to an outside hospital with nausea/vomiting/abdomen pain that the day proir to admission.
presented to her primary care provider name initial ( pre ) 1 week partial thromboplastin time who felt she may have heart failure and started empiric diuresis ( patient is adverse to testing and becomes very anxious ) started on 40 mg by mouth lasix daily at that time with moderate
she lay down for two hours and awoke at 3 pm.
# high blood pressure : patient takes felodipine at home which was stopped.
she developed symptoms of a viral upper respiratory infection ( coryza, low grade fever ) which also resolved.
a swab of lesion was sent for herpes simplex virus culture.
during the patient's resuscitation, he became agitated and he was intubated for airway protection.
he was transferred to hospital1 1444 emergency department where he was given integrilin and pain control with morphine.
# depression -psychiatry consulted, continued on paxil 20mg once a day, psychiatry established plan for safe care and follow up with patient and family.
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit, the patient was in moderate respiratory distress on a venti-mask and was also very anxious.
elevated cea and ca-125 are consistent with malignancy.
she was seen one month prior for evaluation of an incidental finding of a suprasellar mass.
he was taken directly to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to two vessels.
he moved his bowels on day of discharge after receiving an aggressive bowel regimen.
it has been restarted prior to discharge from the hospital.
pump : patient with known dilated cardiomyopathy & biventricular dysfunction, ejection fraction 20 %.
she was cleared for discharge home with neurology follow up.
she remained feverish despite antibiotic change, however her white count began to improve.
haldol was discontinued 1-5 to prolonging qtc interval ( reportedly 470s at longest ).
in brief, the patient was found to have displacement of the nail into the acetabulum and underwent left hemiarthroplasty repair 2152-2-17.
received total 1.5mg dilaudid per patient-controlled analgesia in post-anesthesia care unit.
he was admitted to the intensive care unit 2157-7-9 with complaints of dizziness, headache, fatigue, shortness of breath, and a 13 lb weight loss over the last one month.
he was transferred to the floor prior to planned discharge after a physical therapy evaluation.
apgars were unknown at one minute of life, 2 at five minutes of live, 4 at ten minutes of life and 7 at 15 minutes of death.
she has not been on anticoagulation for frequent falls.
patient immediately went to head body imaging for right parietal cortical low density with sulcus effacement ; however, negative for bleed.
a repeat body imaging scan was recommended by radiology in 12 months to monitor for interval change.
plan was for follow-up with interventional pulmonology in 3-4 weeks.
she received nebulizer treatments for wheezing every 4hours.
this is a 62 year old male with past medical history of coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction and stents, ethanol cirrhosis, diabetes, who presents one week after implantable cardioverter-defibrillator placement with recurrent ventricular overspeed heart rate. # rhythm
patient was chronically oxygen dependent, stable on 4l per nasal cannula ascites - patient tolerating discomfort, does not want therapeutic tap at this time, likely would reccur quickly.
# depression : likely secondary to her disease process and prolonged hospital stay, mental status.
58 year old female otherwise healthy status post black tarry stools one day prior to admission.
she was tolerating clear liquid diet, and her oxygen was weaned.
she was treated with a 30-day course of pentoxiphylline.
since international normalized ratio is 3.3 today, will hold off on coumadin at least tonight and will have recheck before resuming in the next 1-2 days.
this is a 44 year old female who was status post surgical removal of the gallbladder on 2197-11-3, who presented with persistent postoperative headache on the left side of the head only and had an outpatient work-up which therefore admitted to the neurosurgery service for evaluation on 2
mr patient 61229 is a 50 year old right hand man with a history of skin cancer with known mets to spine ( status post neck surgery 9 mos ago ) enrolled in an experimental chemotherapy protocol, who presented to outside hospital last night with weakness ( right > left ) and clumsiness.
she presented to the hospital on day of admission because of a fever of 103f and inability to tolerate pos.
interventional radiology was then consulted who tried performing a tips on the night of 4-23, but were unsuccessful.
he was initially going to have this repaired in early month ( only ) of this year, however, this was not able to be done due to failed placement of a cerebrospinal fluid drain for anesthesia as well as a failed intrathecal catheter.
he was continued on aspirin and started on a statin.
she describes this as a left sided retroorbital severe dull pain that is unlike her prior migraines.
the procedure was complicated by closure of the posterior descending artery.
received by vein fluid hydration for a total of 5 liters of normal saline, and was brought to the hospital ward name 12573 intensive care unit for supportive care.
routine electroencephalogram did not reveal any frank epileptiform activity, but showed a slow and disorganized background suggestive of a mild brain disease of toxic, metabolic, or anoxic reason of illness.
the patient has noted no change in his bowel habits, no blood in the stool, and no mucus.
patient complained of a sensation of discomfort in his ear just prior to coming into the hospital, and while here he noted decreased hearing in the left ear.
patient was evaluated by anaesthesia and taken to the operating room for laparoscopic adjustable gastric band placement.
he was continued on a proton pump inhibitor as an inpatient.
patient cardiac catherization that revealed 3 vessel coronary artery disease.
she required blood transfusion for dropping proportion of red blood cells from 30 to 20 with low blood pressure.
the apgar scores were 9 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes.
date range 5833 patient remained neurologically stable was found to be in neurogenic lung swelling, he was started on/off on a lasix drop to keep him even for his lenght of stay.
he does have baseline psychiatric disorder, remote seizure history and possible borderline mental retardation.
overnight he developed transient chest compression to the low to mid 20s and became transiently slow heart rate to the 40s.
his time of death was 13:40 approximately 1-2 hours after extubation.
speaking to the neuro resident, they did not feel she was in nonconvolsive status.
reports increased lower body swelling x 2-3 weeks, recently started on lasix+zaroxolyn for that.
history per records as difficult for patient to communicate while on ventilator.
he will complete his 6 week course of intravenous vancomycin 2175-1-21 ( day 1 was2175-12-11 ).
she is frequently admitted to outside hospital for small bowel obstruction's.
the patient had difficulty sleeping and was given benzodiazepines.
the am labs revealed at a stable proportion of red blood cells and elevated potassium of 5.8.
she was re-admitted to the medicine service for further workup of failure to thrive, safety at home.
his condition improved and patient was transferred to the floor on postoperative days4.
he has been taking his seizure medicines and denies any seizure activity, no am tongue biting, no acute urinary incontinence, no focal motor/sensory subdural swelling[signs and symptoms]'s, no aoc.
post procedure blood pressures were in the 90s from a baseline of 120-140 systolic, attributed to sedation with slow clearance in the setting of liver failure.
4 ) high blood pressure : well controlled on home regimen of diovan, hydrochlorothiazide, metoprolol.
labs were significant for proportion of red blood cells 31.8, creatinine 0.9, troponin <.01, brain natriuretic peptide 2646 ( no baseline comparison ).
on day of discharge patient and staff felt safe to discharge patient to rehab with close follow up.
patient stated she slept on the couch yesterday evening and upon awakening `` had difficulty positioning the legs to stand up. ''
he was brought for body imaging brain which showed acute right brain blood collects with 1.2cm of magnetic resonance angiography as well as a 5cm x 5 cm right frontal brain bleed with subfalcine herniation per the last name 1724 radiologist ( this examiner spoke with the radi
# fluctuance over t/l spine in the area of the spinal stimulator : spinal abscess was ruled out by imaging.
she was transferred to hospital1 18 for further evaluation and management.
digestive track : his diarrhea was initially trace guaiac positive with a subsequent proportion of red blood cells drop, as low as 26.
digestive system specialist was called who stated that they would perform upper endoscopy in am.
she reports feeling much improved from previously and states only that she continues to have her cough productive of blood tinged sputum.
the patient received pantoprazole 80mg by vein ( although bleed appeared more small-large intestinal ), two large bore by veins placed ( 14 and 18 gauges ).
the nitroglycerin drip was stopped after intubation and her blood pressure was well controlled while on propofol for sedation.
they do suspect thar he has not been compliant with his medications given his short term memory issues and that this may be intefering with his fluid status.
she did not some vaginal pruritis in the emergency room.
he presented to hospital3 on 6-1 where he was found to be low blood pressure and bacteria test positive.
# acute on chronic kidney failure : patient has chronic kidney disease with baseline creatinine of 3.5-3.9 and presented with a creatinines of 5.8 and a hemoconcentrated complete blood count.
in terms of medical therapy amiodarone for rate control and to attempt maintenence of sinus rhtyhm.
on blood filtering4, the patient was discharged to home.
at time of transfer, the patient continued to require positive end-expiratory pressure of 15, and fraction of inspired oxygen of 60 to maintain saturations in the low 90s.
name husband and family made patient name 3225 after extensive discussion with critical care unit team and neurology.
she was placed on primary care provider prophylaxis in the setting of high dose steroids.
in, the emergency department, the patient received a total of 3l normal saline ; his heart rate responded to by vein fluids, so he was bolused again.
he has also been confused occasionally, weaker with two falls at home with no loss of consciousness or head trauma, and has had poor appetite.
this change was thought to be multifacted with infxn, ca, meds ( dilantin new ), insufficient oxygen,?
the following day, tues, she couldn't sleep well secondary to lower back pain.
patient should receive nebulizer treatments at rehab around the clock for 4-5 days after discharge.
# parkinson's : he was continued on his home doses of sinemet.
labs showed stable ratio of red blood cells at 11.3/ 33.2 ( 11.9/34.6 on dc friday ).
there is evidence of very severe tracheomalacia with evidence of severe anterior motion of the posterior tracheal wall with just simple suction from the bronchoscope, and almost complete obstruction of the distal windpipe.
echocardiogram was performed which showed aortic restriction of a blood vessel, mild mitral regurgitation, 3+ tricuspid stenosis, and moderate lung high blood pressure.
likely reason of illness of brain disease felt to be upper digestive track bleed with no sign of infection ( chest x-ray with nothing sign of lung disease, no urinary tract infection, no e/o systolic blood pressure however no ascites obtained ).
she had guaiac negative stools in emergency department and in intensive care unit.
the patient did well post-operatively and was discharged on 7-13.
on review of systems, the patient denies chest pain, shortness of breath, dizziness, sensations that heart is pounding, nausea/vomiting/d, abdominal pain, painful urination.
initial blood gas had a ph of 6.91, a c02 of 100, partial pressure oxygen of 48.
the patient was kept nothing by mouth due to his aspiration risk.
the patient is a 70 year old woman transferred from hospital hospital for management of left parieto-occipital bleeding.
he had mild intercostal retractions which responded to facial chest compression.
differential diagnosis for chest pain also includes lung blood clot, pulm swelling/heart failure, lung infection, pleurisy, and stomach disease.
during this admission blood cultures, body imaging torso, bone marrow test and bone scan were all unremarkable, and patient was discharged without a definitive diagnosis.
as he was only on his enzyme for 2 days before discharge, it is unclear whether this will be exacerbated by the medication.
on admission to the medical intensive care unit, vitals were : 97.8, 68, 97/59, 97 % on room air.
in the intensive care unit she was placed on two aed's ( dilantin and keppra ).
cardiology had been consulted and patient started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted through this and was getting more low blood pressure to low 100's, so was transferred to cardiology service where he was more aggressively loaded with amiodarpone 400 three
he has had chronic knee pain for which he takes acetaminophen ; he also takes a nightly ibuprofen-containing sleep aid for insomnia.
patient was maintained on a blood filtering to maintain normoglycemia and fingersticks were unremarkable.
patient was given 500cc normal saline, had basic labs ( no imaging ).
patient has been on total parenteral nutrition for several years, this was discontinued during the beginning of the hospital stay.
he was transferred to the hospital1 69 for further evaluation.
his labs were stable and he was discharged home with the appropriated follow up appointments.
she was given gentamicin and admitted to the medical intensive care unit.
the patient was also treatd with warm compresses and decadron given inflammation in retropharyngeal space.
the culture showed : gram stain ( final 2171-11-22 ) : no polymorphonuclear leukocytes seen.
mr patient is a 66m with parkinson's status post brain implant transferred from nursing home with malaise, altered mental status, fevers.
given his post-test estimated probability of lung blood clot was 20 %, he was continued on anticoagulation.
right upper quadrant ultrasound was done that was negative for acute choly.
he was unable to manage his insulin pump and it was discontinued and he was started on humalog sliding scale and lantus, he will need to be restarted on his insulin device when able.
urinary output was a total of 400 cc while in emergency department.
she was briefly placed on device that helps with breathing, but became very agitated and removed the device used to assist with breathing.
the cerebellar signs and amnesia, fit well with well-known vulnerability of purkinje neurons and the hippocampus to insufficient oxygen and carbon monoxide poisoning.
digestive track bleed on the floor she was initially hemodynamically stable with stable proportion of red blood cells.
a code blue was called, and the patient was intubated for hypercarbic respiratory failure.
there, noncontrasted red blood cell was unremarakable ( both the report and the images, which i reviewed at that time ) and a carotid doppler ultrasound of the carotids study was reportedly without evidence of narrowing.
age over 90 year old female with history of diastolic congestive heart failure and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who presented with insufficient oxygen and agitation.
the patient was placed on ventilator for a period of time.
she tolerated the procedure well, was extubated and she was started on strict nothing by mouth after the procedure.
the combination of increased alcohol use and daily tylenol ( 2-3g for 3 weeks percutaneous transluminal angioplasty ), however, would likely be enough insult to cause acute hepatic toxicity from elevated tylenolin levels/decreased clearance of tylenanol.
the patient was started on neo-synephrine for low blood pressure which was quickly weaned off.
he was transferred to hospital1 first name8 last name ( titles ) flight and admitted to the intensive care unit.
patient 20773 is an 82 year old man with a history of inflammatory bowel disease and insulin-dependent diabetes complicated by autonomic postural low blood pressure, recently admitted for 7mm acute traumatic subdural swelling that is filled with blood after fall, was transferred from outside hospital for acute on chronic subd
patient is a 61 year-old female with high blood pressure, lack of enough healthy red blood cells who was transferred from the hospital unit name 153 with inflammation of the bile duct system and lack enough healthy black blood cells, clinically doing well.
postoperative days # 0-remained in postoperative days 2166-12-29 overnight for brief neo administration, volume resuscitation, 1u packed red blood cells, and observation.
he denies chest pain but states that he has shortness of breath and lightheadedness with exertion.
she was being on followup and further staging body imaging scans were done.
he will be discharged on lasix 50 mg by mouth twice a day and will receive 3 sessions of urinalysis per week as an outpatient.
there her initial blood pressure was recorded as 67/45, heart rate 130, respiratory rate 24, t 100.8 axillary.
we started her on oral feeds on 2102-5-15 after she passed a repeat swallow evaluation.
a ratio of red blood cells was checked and was 6.8.
53 year old female with multiple sclerosis first name ( titles ) last name (title ) urinary tract infection status post low sodium concentration and seizure.
acute kidney failure during this hospitalization might have been pre-renal in the setting of aggressive diuretic use.
patient transferred to hospital1 18 for further management.
he had been discharged to rehab on 7-7 after being readmitted post surgery for respiratory arrest.
he remained blood flow stable there overnight with noticeable improvement in his speech.
aspirin, beta blockade and his statin were resumed.
in the emergency department at hospital1 18, notable for oxygen saturation= 81 % on room air.
date range 57887 : on 10-14 patient had windpipe surgery placed and percutaneous gastrostomy tube placed for feeding.
low oxygen level and high concentration of carbon dioxide improved, patient was extubated after 1.5 days and was subsequently able to maintain good saturations on room air.
+ dizziness, no syncope, sick / vomiting, sweating or other associated symptoms.
this was not felt to be due to the cocaine overdose but possibly due to low calcium level.
he has not been taking any of his medications including his inhalers or diuretics for the past 3-9 days either ; he reports this is because `` i'm on too many pills. ''
she was also scheduled for steroid injection but had to be postponed since she had received plavix in the intensive care unit.
she has been flipping in and out of abnormal heart rate frequently in the last few months but notes improved control of abnormal ventricular rate since that hospitalization.
he was placed on a 1:1 sitter while in house.
her risk factors for doctor last name included high blood pressure and hyperparathyroidism.
a body imaging brain/ magnetic resonance angiography carotids revealed mild-to-moderate brain atrophy and occlusion of the left internal carotid artery at the bifurcation, high-grade narrowing of the right internal neck artery at befurcation.
# prophylaxis : holding heparin, not tolerating boots, cont proton pump inhibitor # full code.
he has a chronic cough that has become slightly more productive of yellow sputum.
on the floor, he continued to spike fevers daily.
he was protecting his airway with no signs of impending seizures.
was in her usual state of health when yesterday afternoon ( 7-10 ) she began having a `` choking sensation '' -like pain in her chest.
they estimated that he may have taken 40mg of oxycontin 2x over period of 24hr.
epicardial pacing wires were removed on post-operation day three.
prominent right wave in lead v3 without diagnostic criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy.
this is a 66 year old female who woke up the morning of 2187-4-19 with severe periumbilical abdominal pain, nausea and vomitting.
initially highly active antiretroviral therapy held due to metabolic acidosis in setting of acute kidney failure and sepsis.
the patient had had no chest pain, sensations that heart is pounding, sweating, sick or vomiting.
# ethanol abuse : patient states her last drink was about 5mo ago when starting physical rehab for left hip fracture.
at that time, the family plans to terminally extubate her.
her repeat national cholangiopancreatography at that time showed a very small amount of expansion from her prior outside hospital national congestive heart failure percentage.
patient was admitted to neurosurgery on 8-19 and underwent the above stated procedure.
the patient was instructed at length about the concerning signs and symptoms of bleeds for which he should call the on-call blood doctor/oncology fellow.
he reports his last chest pain was on 12-10..
she went to her primary care provider's office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water, a blood pressure of 92/50, heart rate of 105, so she was sent to the emergency department for evaluation for possible serious complication of diabetes.
the patient was fitted with a ventilator mask overnight, which he tolerated okay.
the next day she felt fine, but the following morning, she woke up with severe, sharp, lower abdominal pain ( 7-5, constant, right lower quadrant/right middle quadrant ) with pain in her mid back.
procedure was terminated but able to remove and replace old stent.
per outpatient urinalysis, this is consistent with chronic colonization and will be treated with outpatient antibiotics regimen by urologist.
given the severity of his disease, the cardiac surgical service was consulted for surgical revascularization.
3 ) diabetes : today advanced pt's diet to regular diet as tolerated and resume patient's outpt insulin 50unit every morning + every bedtime while regular insulin sliding scale.
-international normalized ratio 2.0 with fibrinogen 104 -bun/creatinine 64/2.9 - proportion of red blood cells 28 -white blood cell 20 -platelet 131 on arrival to the medical intensive care unit, patient is intubated and sedated and unable to
since his discharge on 12-30, mr. name14 states that he continues to have daily fevers to 102, which typically resolve with tylenol.
states has had periodic diarrhea, last episode monday, but prior to that had been several weeks.
45year old male with past medical history of epilepsy, substance abuse, prior l1-l2[lumbar vertebraes] transverse process fracture and chronic pain who persist with difficult to control seizures in the setting of a rapid blood filtering and anticonvulsant withdrawal during a planned long
she was brought to hospital6 4299 and was found to have a small right subdural swelling that is filled with blood.
cardiac surgery was consulted and on 12-21 she was taken to the operating room where she underwent repair of anomaolous right coronary artery.
# diabetes : patient hgba1c indicates excellent control of his home diabetes, and patient has had some issues with partially low blood sugar.
he will be discharged on a proton pump inhibitor at twice daily dosing to complete 1 month afterwhich he will decrease the dose to daily.
patient was admitted with motor speech disorder, confusion, and decreased hearing in his right ear, and no localizing or lateralizing signs.
shortness of breath - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea, for which she has been on ventilator in the past.
on post operative day 9 she was discharged home with visiting nursing association services.
superficial wound swab cultures eventually demonstrated different strains of coagulase.
patient continues to be delirious and is transferred to medicine for further work-up.
the patient's course was complicated by abnormal heart rate with irregular pumping of blood through the heart which responded to diltiazem.
a blood vessel imaging was negative for lung blood clot, and a body imaging of her headwas negative for any acute process.
patient was complaining of light-headedness but no abdominal pain.
per wife, patient complained of nausea and vomited 2-3x this afternoon.
patient 3234 was recently transitioned from a fibrate to pravastatin on 2157-1-28.
# acute cytomegalovirus infection : her initial presentation with a fever, fatigue, diarrhea and diffuse myalgias was initially thought to be consistent with mononucleosis or a similar viral illness.
the patient was discharged home with hospice on 6-16.
she was seen by toxicology who recommended by vein n-acetyl cysteine and hepatology agreed.
body imaging of the chest still showed a left upper lobe mass and mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
proportion of red blood cell 20.6 prior to transfer and received 1 unit packed red blood cells.
patient was treated with by vein fluids and airway was monitored.
coumadin will be managed by the hospital 112 hospital 14813 clinic.
started on sepsis protocol and given total of 6.6 l normal saline.
low sodium concentration : low sodium concentration as evidenced by picture of dehydration as discussed above.
dr. last name 3271 requested a neuro consult on the floor.
# lack of enough healthy red blood cells/red blood cells : concern is for persistent bleed into the left lower body and possible risk for compartment syndrome however intact pulses on both sides and per orthopedics recs, compartment syndrome is a near impossibility in thigh.
however, on the day he was transferred to the floor he became increasingly shortness of breath.
he also report an episode of left eye viral conjunctivitis.
on day of discharge she was found to have a baseline neurologic exam, good pain control, and able to ambulate.
however, considering patient's poor prognosis it was decided to put a palliative stent.
a repeat body imaging at that time was consistent with discitis, bone infection and primarily ventral epidural abscess at t6, t7 and t8 have improved and there is less spinal cord compression compared to 7-29.
the patient was doing well with passe muir valve on oxygen cannula until approximately 2 weeks ago when he had an aspiration event.
patient was started on a regimen of fentanyl patch, morphine insulin resistance, and valium.
his slow heart rate resolved ( heart rate 59 on leaving the medical intensive care unit ) and was felt to be due to beta blocker toxicity.
she is status post chest drain placement with episodes of chest drain firing.
he also reports intermittant cough shortness of breath on exertion over the same time period.
additionally he received multiple doses albumin with lasix by vein.
they recommended aggressive diuresis ( negative 2-2.5 liters ) and heparinization for his abnormal heart rate.
possibly going for heart bypass graft - aspirin - beta-blockers - high dose statin - will trend cardiac enzymes until peak.
in the intensive care unit, a central line was urgently placed.
diabetes- insulin drip initially and transitioned to sliding scale insulin with hospital1 brain water accumulation with reasonable glucose control.
throughout his hospital stay, vital signs were routinely monitored.
on the way to the emergency department she reportedly vomited three to four gallons of clear fluid.
given numerous allergies to antibiotics she was started on meropenem and vancomycin for hospital acquired lung infection, though aspiration lung infection remained on the differential.
he was successfully extubated on 11-4 and morphine drip was given with scopolamine patch for comfort measures.
he underwent a bronchoalveolar lavage on 1-11 which showed strep pneumo.
she was evaluated by surgery, with review of body imaging films with radiology, and felt not to have inflammation of the appendix.
acute kidney failure : the patient's serum creatinine was elevated to 1.9 at outside hospital from a baseline 0.9.
on 2141-8-30 tracheostomy was removed ; trach site healed well and patient breathing well with good oxygen saturation.
there was no blood drainage, gentle pressure was applied for 10 minutes, and a pressure dressing was applied to the wound.
# prophylaxis : proton pump inhibitor, heparin drop transitioning to year ( 4 digits ).
patient reports using 600-1200mg of advil, nausea and vomiting on topof advil.
he was also started on digoxin at the outside hospital for his congestive heart failure and was also initiated on amiodarone.
patient then underwent an angiography on 2170-11-27 which demonstrated no aneurysm and moderate right and moderate to severe left vertebral artery narrowing.
she admits to drinking an herbal tea that has a warning of possible liver failure.
atropine and dopamine were initally instituted and resolved the initial episode but nesynephrine was required to avoid sudden severe overspeed heart rate.
lack of enough healthy red blood cells : proportion of red blood cell was 31 on the last day.
patient on torsemide 20mg hospital1 at home.
patient 59405 would no longer be aggressively treated for his medical problems.
vanco trough was obtained on 2167-2-8 and was withion target range ( 17 ).pulmonary consult also followed patient while on the floor and recommended lung rehab.
beta blockade was advanced for rate control and he was started on coumadin.
he went to the operating room with dr first name4 last name.
8-7 : abdominal exam worsens, right upper quadrant pain, ( + ) rebound.
dehydration : patient dehydrated on arrival in the setting of low by mouth intake and later on with abundant diarrhea.
pulsus was measured at least hospital1 and was never elevated ; the patient remained asymptomatic through his hospital stay.
patient was put on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale but did not require benzos throught hospital unit name 153 stay.
she was transferred to the floor and the step down unit on 2139-1-24.
the endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography revealed a gaping papilla consistent with recent stone passage and a normal biliary tree ; a sphincterotomy was performed, and sludge was extracted.
in the emergency room he was found to have a proportion of red blood cells of 23.3.
he also has essential thrombocytosis which is associated with increased white blood cell counts in situations of inflammatory stress.
his prograf level was stable at approximately 10 on 4 mg hospital1.
the patient had complications of pancreatitis, duodenal stump leak and stricture.
he was neurologically well until the past summer when he started experiencing brief spells of dizziness.
80 year old female with history of stroke from cerebral amyloid angiopathy who presents with shortness of breath x 1 week.
**as a note, the patient's lasix regimen was added during this admission, and should be titrated up as appropriate to diurese for his bilateral pleural much fluids.
the following day his creatinine dropped to 1.3 and he was sent for a blood vessel imaging with pulseless electrical activity protocol which was indeterminate for lung blood clot due to motion artifact but did not show blood clot in the aortoiliac or pelvic veins.
the decision was made for medical management and the patient was continued on aspirin, statin and beta blocker with nitro as necessary for chest pain.
he has recieved 11 units of red blood cells, 2 of fresh frozen plasma, and 4 amps of bicarb for a ph of 6.7.
with this finding, vascular surgery was consulted and she was taken to the operating room for a left femoral to popliteal to below-knee popliteal bypass.
her symptoms were felt to be secondary to low sodium concentration, antiemetics were held and the patient's headache treated with tylenol as needed.
no chest pain, blurry vision, diarrhea, dark black, tarry feces, vomiting of blood.
started on heparin drip, and bridged to coumadin in house.
she was intubated and transferred to the medical intensive care unit at hospital3 1280 hospital where over the course of the next week developed worsening kidney failure as well as liver failure with a creatinine of 3.0, almost no urine output, and liver function tests in the 7,000s.
she was discharged home to follow-up with dr. last name 957 in clinic.
at the outside hospital, concern was for aspiration lung infection ( chest x-ray demonstrated large right basal lobe and left lower lobe lung infection ), so he was started on antibiotics ( vancomycin, zosyn, azithromycin ).
echocardiogram showed preserved left ventricular blood pumping score with hypokinetic inferior wall in the right coronary artery territory.
his antiretroviral regimen was restarted prior to his discharge.
5 ) diabetes : well controlled with poor eating -- recent a1c of 6.6 -- continue lantus, sliding scale, care given poor by mouth.
an echocardiogram showed a severely enlarged left ventricle at 6.3cm with an left ventricular blood pumping score of 55 % and an aortic valve area of 0.7cm2.
as patient had significant anxiety, was tremulous and sweating, she was restarted on clonazepam 2mg three times a day ( the dose she claimed to be on ) out of concern for withdrawal.
baseline in 60s-70s during the day.
71 year old female with chronic obstructive lung disease, ethanol hepatitis who presented as a transfer from hospital1 1562 with a lung abscess.
heparin bolused and drop begun in emergency department as patient has missed am fondux.
we started him on coumadin with lovenox bridge for 6 months for prophylaxis against intramural thrombus formation.
the patient had a history of recurrent laryngeal cancer after completing an initial course of radiation therapy seven years ago.
the patient was started on broad spectrum antibiotics that were narrowed appropriately.
patient 26890 was admitted to emergency department from clinic for increasing shortness of breath.
patient notes that he had a bitter sensation in his throat, after which he began feeling shortness of breath.
seizure activity abated and she was transfered to hospital1 18 for further care.
she did not follow up the chronic kidney disease.
no evidence of cirrhosis on exam and international normalized ratio/albumin were preserved.
however, sputum came back showing oral flora suggestive of his airways being colonized.
she was stable on post operative day one and transferred to the floor.
he was monitored carefully in the stepdown unit, and his exam continued to fluctuate, though it overall improved.
he stated that the pain was exacerbated by deep inspiration.
bilateral anterior packing was placed by the trauma team without closure of the bleeding.
patient 44908 is a 82 year-old woman who has a history of noninsulin dependent diabetes, high blood pressure, blood disease who originally presented to an outside hospital the night prior to admission with symptoms of chest pain.
she had received a flu shot about 1 week prior.
patient is an 81 year old man with history of heart disease, 1v heart bypass surgery, recurrent falls over last few months, multiple lung infection, initially admitted on 9-30 with inflammation of the fascia and diffuse lymphadenopathy.
iron studies in month ( only ) with low iron, elevated ferritin.
she was perfectly stable on an oxygen face mask and did not require intubation.
# coronaries : patient has significant risk factors for heart disease, given high blood pressure, peripheral vascular disease, long smoking history, high blood fats, etc.
he was therefore transferred to hospital1 18 for further care.
on 2137-3-1 he proceeded to the operating room with dr. last name and underwent a heart bypass surgery x 3 with left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending, saphenous vein graft to the obtuse marginal artery, and saphenary vein graftto the right coronary
* methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus bacteremia : patient found to have infected r. subclavian line with 4/4 blood cultures ( + ) for mrsa bacteria.
confirms emergency medical service telling her to wreak vengeance on herself.
patient denies any sore throat, sinus pain or epistaxis.
at radius on the day of admission to hospital1, they were unable to access his arteriovenous fistula.
patient 59201 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118-9-13 for surgical management of his aortic valve disease.
since that time a new 31mm corevalve has been made available.
her blood pressure was 80/40 and heart rate was in the 50's.
on 9-8 code status was discussed with mr. g's wife and extended family members present.
intake since his discharge and he has noticed his left leg continues to remain swollen.
there was also moderate mitral restriction of a blood vessel with moderate heart disease.
she resentd with recurrent abdominal pain initiall thought to be digestive track bleed.
# high blood pressure - elevated blood pressure on admission, was given metoprolol in the emergency department without much effect, but also in setting of volume overload.
however at the time of discharge to the surgery service, she was still feeling fearful, paranoid and unsafe to go home.
crohn's disease : patient is status post multiple surgeries with short gut and an ileostomy on chronic total parenteral nutrition.
low blood pressure : low blood pressure likely in part due to early sepsis ( and possibly relative adrenal insufficiency, as below ) from clostridium difficile infection requiring aggressive by vein fluids resuscitation and brief medical intensive care unit admission.
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit, the patient was unresponsive and unable to give a history.
the patient was found to be in pulseless electrical activity, and cardiopulmonary resuscitation was begun.
the patient is a 45-year-old male with cryptogenic cirrhosis and history of recent hepatitis c encephalopathy, ascites, systolic blood pressure, hepatorenal syndrome and grade i esophageal varices.
of note, her lung cancer involves the right upper lobe mass and adjacent hilar/mediastinal/supraclavicular nodes.
echocardiogram showed severe aortic insufficiency with a preserved left ventricular blood pumping score.
for surgical details, please see seperate dictated operative note.
the operation was without complications, and the patient was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit for hourly flap checks.
his vital signs prior to transfer back to hospital1 18 were systolic blood pressures in the 120's and heart rate in the 80's.
she was started on vancomycin and meropenem and agressively volume resuscitated with normal saline by vein fluids.
in the intensive care unit, diuresis was continued with a lasix drip as her bicarb had normalized.
he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock.
80 female with multiple medical problems, including heart disease, congestive heart failure, peripheral vascular disease, type 2 diabetes, who presented with a near syncopal episode, fever, elevated white blood cell count, some nausea today with poor by mouth intake who was found to have glomeruli bacteremia
chronic pain was also consulted to help manage his home pain regimen, especially when a final diagnosis of cancer came back on path.
her vehicle hit a car that crossed the median.
a pulmunary blood clot was noted on the admission body imaging scan.
at that time the lesion expressed a large amount of largely serous fluid.
her mental status and oxygen improved as her bicarb normalized.
on review of systems, he denies pain other than his baseline motor speech therapy complaints.
51 female with history significant for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with multiple admissions to hospital3 2737 who was again admitted there on 2160-9-10 for obstructive lung disease exacerbation.
59female multiple intensive care unit admissions for problemname 115 respiratory function including repiratory arrest requiring intubation who was most recently transferred back to the medical intensive care units on 1-3 with increased secretions and decreased functional respiratory reserve, concerning for neurologic induced weakness.
on day 7, she was discharged to home in stable condition after central venous line removal without incident.
she was taken to the hospital1 18 emergency room for evaluation by emergency medical service.
further evaluation included lung consultation given his severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
# metastatic thyroid cancer : patient with a widespread history of mets to the brain, bone, lungs.
anal manometry study was performed 1-17 and found be normal with some hypersensitivity to balloon dilation.
his respiratory status improved with oxygen saturations of 96-99 % on room air from requiring 3-4lnc.
they are wary to perform angiography on the leg given patient's kindey function.
the paramedics noted a systolic blood pressure in the 70's which responded to by vein fluids.
she was started on treatment for hrs with midodrine and octreotide.
he subsequently developed ongoing bleeding and underwent blood vessel imaging which revealed inflammation of the colon and bleeding from right side colon.
a recent chest body imaging and spirometry with dr. last name 575 suggested her symptoms are more than expected for primary lung disease.
his chest tubes were discontinued postoperative days 5 without complication.
discussions were held with the hospital 228 health care proxy, name 319 name 19442 ( name 802 ), and code status was changed to comfort measures only].
she had limited abduction of her right pupil and was only able to move her right upper body against gravity.
# diabetes : he was discharged home on a regimen of brain water accumulation 12-10.
on 2136-5-29 the patient presented to the hospital with a small bowel obstruction.
body imaging of the head on 10-30 was reviewed and was negative for vasospasm.
by this time her or wound cultures from 2168-3-2 confirmed 'beta group a streptococcus'and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin by vein per infectious dose recommendations.
a blood culture resulted on 10-2 and showed glomerular pressure's in 3-26 bottles.
she was readmitted on 11-18 after being noted to have fever to 100 at ch in association with belly pain.
70 year old man with remote history upper digestive track bleeding, known diverticulosis who presented with bright red blood per rectum at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in-house with significant proportion of red blood cells drop 1 ) lower digestive track bleed secondary to serious bacterial skin infection several episodes bright red
# fever/e/n : nothing by mouth for now with by vein fluids until deemed stable.
an spinal tap was not performed at this time due to risk of herniation with the present brain blood collects.
she was initially admitted to the hospital unit name 153 where she was warmed up to euthermia and subsequently transferred to the floor.
blood cultures were drawn and she was started on a dilt glucose tolerance test.
he was eventually transferred to the regular nursing unit.
she did well there, and was discharged to home today on multiple medications, including oxycodone and ativan.
maternal history was significant for oligohydramnios which was self- resolved.
her headaches sound consistent with intracranial low blood pressure given their positional nature and suggest continued cerebrospinal fluid leak and symptomatic pseudomeningocele.
esophageal cancer : ongoing chemo and last name ( left ventricular fibrillation ) 16859, first name3 ( left femoral artery ) oncology.
patient on pentobarb coma - no corneals, gag or motor response to pain at that time.
chronic obstructive lung disease exacerbation : patient started on ceftriaxone, levaquin, and by vein solumedrol on admission and required ventilator.
# altered mental status : the patient at baseline is believed to be alert and oriented x 2.
initial bronchoscopy showed some blood in the bronchi, so the patient received 24hours of high-dose steroids.
he initially required pressor support but has improved from a blood flow perspective and was called out to the floor.
he was taken to the operating room where he underwent a mitral valve replacement using a stent.
right hallux -- during the admission, after his acute issues had resolved, mr.
based on sensitivities, patient will complete a total of 10 days of zosyn for treatment.
patient patient is the former 2.395 kg product of a 35-5/7 week gestation pregnancy born to a 22-year-old g1 p0 woman.
records show that her blood pressure on day of transfer was 90s-130s/40s-60s.
he will follow-up at hospital1 112 with dr. last name 32963.
she was on hormonal therapy as well as exgeva.
he sustained multiple stab wounds to the anterior and posterior chest, scalp, and left arm.
7.22/41/294/18, so respiratory rate was increased to 22.
# stage iii non-small cell lung cancer with brain mets : continued levetiracetam, dexamethasone, as necessary oxycodone.
he was emergently taken to the operating room for a bilateral burr holes for evacuation of his subdurals.
baby girl name2 40351 is a term female infant, born by cesarean section for maternal indications, who is ready to transfer to the newborn nursery.
he was started on antibiotics 4 days prior to this presentation.
a stereotactic biopsy was performed on 2-12, and the patient failed to extubate due to breathing distress and agitation.
6-7 : afebrile, fiber added to the tube feed secondary to persistent watery stool.
because the patient remained intubated and sedated, and no neurological assessment could be made, a body imaging head was obtained that demonstrated significant cerebral swelling but no evidence of intracranial bleeding, herniation or deficient supply of blood.
the blood doctor/oncology service was consulted, and per their recs the patient received by vein dextran, vitamin b12 injections, folate, epogen 20,000 units three times per week.
47 year old male presented with 8/10 mid-sternal chest pain x40 min to outside hospital.
patient 84323 was admitted to the hospital1 18 spine surgery service on 2124-5-30 and taken to the operating room for t12-l5 release through an anterior approach.
this abscess was drained under interventional radiology guidance on hospital day 7, using a pig-tail catheter.
# insufficient oxygen - at time of presentation, the patient had subacute progressive worsening of shortness of breath.
it is likely that this is colonization from her ischial wounds.
the sensation was worsened with head movements and present in all positions.
he noted that with this, he began to have increasing urinary retention with lower abdominal discomfort.
the wound vac dressing was last changed 11-8, the patient was discharged with dressing in place and vacuum to resume on arrival to home.
she was started on gentamicin and clindamycin for intrapartum fever.
54 year old male discharged from hospital1 18 with diagnosis of lung infection on 9-10 returns 9-11 with report of shortness of breath, desaturation, and worsening lung swelling from outside hospital and rehab.
he remained asymptomatic despite his lack of enough healthy red blood cells and continued to maintain good blood flow.
over several days, he continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis and was medically cleared for discharge on postoperative day four.
38 year old female with history of type i diabetes, gastroparesis requiring frequent hospitalizations who presented to emergency department on 4-11 because her fingerstick was extremely high ( `` unable to measure '' by glucometer ), + excessive excretion of urine, + painful urination, nausea
after this, his proportion of red blood cells remained stable for the next 3 days.
patient was transferred to the floor on blood filtering2/postoperative days1.
patient past history is remarkable for stage 3 rectal cancer, after pelvic exenteration performed in 2187 at an outside hospital with a subsequent development of an enterocutaneous fistula in the perineum.
cardiac catheterization done on 7-19 showed normal circumflex with some diffuse disease of the left anterior descending and 99 % right coronary artery and a small but normal flexible.
at the time of discharge, the patient was taking 41 u lantus each night, with 3 u pre-prandial humalog.
# elevated lipase : in the differential was bowel obstruction as cause though more likely is pancreatitis, no sick, vomiting, some epigastric tenderness, could be pancreatitis caused by medications, or potential autoimmune.
he developed hepatorenal syndrome ( creat 6.0, international normalized ratio 7.0 and total bilirubin 52 ) and contrast nephropathy.
he was admitted to the intensive care unit and started on vancomycin, zosyn, and levofloxacin to cover for possible soft tissue ( left ulcer ) and respiratory sources ( aspiration lung infection ).
upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the emergency department the patient reported 3-25 chest pain and his electrocardiogram was notable for st depressions in v1-v3.
she will continue on aspirin 325, plavix, statin, and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor.
she has a follow up appointment with dr. last name, her outpatient nephrologist, in 2160-6-17..
however, 1-2 weeks prior to presentation patient reported increasing fatigue, weakness, and shortness of breath.
the body imaging scan showed a left superior cerebellar stroke which they felt was subacute.
she was admitted to hospital 794 hospital yesterday with shortness of breath and increased oxygen requirement.
please see dr.name 81819 history+p for full detail.
kidney : low sodium concentration - improved with free water restriction to 1 liter.
2 ) lung blood clot : following transfer to the general medical floor, given persistent sinus overspeed heart rate and mild oxygen requirement, a chest blood vessel imaging was obtained, which revealed a left lower lobe pulmonary blood clot.
she will have a repeat chest x-ray and lung function test's in one month to monitor her lung function once primary care provider treatment has finished.
the patient was weaned off sedation on blood filtering # 2.
before he got a chance to take his high-dose prednisone, he decided to come to the emergency department.
given the risk of bleeding with oral anticoagulation in amyloid angiiopathy, the decision was made to not proceed with coumadin, but rather use aspirin for secondary stroke prevention.
name10 breathing improved on the steroids and once again noticed difficulty breathing and excessive coughing once off the steroids.
diuretics were temporarily withheld as medical therapy was optimized.
# acid/base status : arterial blood gas 7.16/50/75/19, antigen 13 on day of admission.
she will be followed for coumadin dosing by dr last name and first international normalized ratios draw will be monday 2-24 with international normalized ratio goal 2.5-3.5 for mechanical mitral valve.
there was a question of fournier's gangrene of the scrotum which was debrided by urology in the operating room.
inpatient doctor was consulted who recommended caspofungin initially and then a course of fluconazole to continue while cholecystostomy tube is in place.
sputum recultured from 2113-8-6 is growing gram negative rod, unspeciated at this point.
this improved when his diuresis was halted and he has remained relatively euvolemic without supplemental lasix.
her electrocardiogram showed sinus slow heart rate but was otherwise normal.
she underwent repeat upper endoscopy by digestive system specialist which demonstrated an actively oozing arteriovenous malformation which was treated with cautery.
with high blood pressure, diabetes, hypercholestermia and history of ruptured aaa who presented with chest pain this a.m. and was found to have an inferior heart attack with total occlusion of right coronary artery.
# left ethmoid adenocarcinoma : patient with irregular pumping of blood through the heart with resection/radiation in past ; recent recurrence rapid pumping of fluid through the chest into the space between lung and chest wall with removal of damaged tissue.
tried by vein amiodarone load, but without change from aflutter in 140s, discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control, with doses varying from 75 three times a day to 100 one time a day, with caution regarding blood
# identifying data : possible sources of infection included lung infection, vs rectovag fistual vs meningitis resulting in a septic picute.
during the time in the emergency department, it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 2824.
5 days ago patient experienced 12-31 loose non bloody bowel movements per day, assocaiated with mild intermittent lower abdominal pain.
we dose reduced her to 40mg and she tolerated this change.
post catheterization she had an intra-aortic balloon pump placed and was transferred to the coronary care unit for monitoring.
at the time of admission, the patient noted that he had recently been started on an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor approximately at the timeof his discharge from hospital6 3953.
initially high blood pressure, he initially required intravenous labetolol and nipride.
he was taken emergently to hospital3 4107 where he underwent a head body imaging which showed a left basal ganglia bleed ; his blood pressures on presentation were 190's/110s ( treated there with intravenous labetolol ).
postoperative days # 4 patient cleared for home with services.
vascular saw the patient and did not feel that there was an acute need for an invasive procedure.
patient received leukophoresis, and hydroxyurea with white blood cell decreasing from 170 initially to 51 thousand.
she will have this followed up by her cardiologist.
a pericardiocentesis was performed on 8-6, and he was transferred to the critical care unit following the procedure.
we suspected possible drug allergy to zosyn, and his antibiotic regimen was changed to his current regimen of levofloxacin, metronidazole, and vancomycin with resolution of fever and improved white blood cell count.
she was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit after a neurosurgical consult was obtained and a drain was placed at the bedside under sterile conditions.
he remained in respiratory distress syndrome and was discharged to home with visiting nursing association services on postoperative days # 5.
since the patient was satting mid 90s on room air the trach was capped.
the patient saw his primary care physician in the office and received an electrocardiogram which was reported as being abnormal.
patient 1001 last name ( titles ) ruled out with 2 sets of negative enzymes.
6.high blood pressure - restarted lisinopril, bblocker once blood pressure was stable.
emergency medical service was dispatched and the patient was transported to hospital6 1760 where a head body imaging showed a positive subarachnoid bleeding and bifrontal contusion.
digestive system specialist was consulted in emergency department who recommended bringing down his international normalized ratio, transfusing as needed, and upper endoscopy once stablilized.
a repeat body imaging scan performed several hours later showed collapse of the left lung.
endocrine was consulted and they rec 'd synthroid 50, and outpatient endo at location 2274 to be scheduled while patient is at hospital3 13990.
iron deficiency deficiency of iron : he was noted to have iron deficiency lack of enough healthy red blood cells and treated with by vein iron replacement in the hospital.
at this point, her body imaging scan of the brain shows a fairly large brain tumor located in the right temporal lobe which measures at least 4 cm with mass effect and right uncal herniation.
she underwent an echocardiogram which showed moderate lung swelling.
post operatively she remained intubated and was brought to the intensive care unit.
given no conjunctivitis on blood thinner, did not cover staph auerus ( methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus ).
in the emergency department, initial vital signs were : temperature : 97.9, pulse rate : 70 blood pressure : 197/122, respiratory rate : 14 
# difficulty swallowing : attributed to his underlying parkinson's and dementia.
this is a 71-year-old woman without a history of coronary artery disease, who presents to this emergency department from home after noticing substernal chest pain.
after receiving the diazepam in the emergency department, he became calmer and more somnolent, possibly due to the librium starting to take effect.
he was intubated for airway protection during transport and was given 10 mg by vein and 100 mg succ at 5 pm, and placed on a propofol drip.
postoperatively he was taken to the intensive care unit for monitoring.
he is discharged with outpatient psychiatric follow up at university/college 23633 on 2108-6-11.
serum aspirin, acetmnphn, barb, tricyc negative.
overnight on 1-11, patient reported severe headache that was relieved with intravenous dilaudid.
extubated early the following morning in sr on indulin and neo drips.
in the ambulance, had runs of ventricular overspeed heart rate on and off with atp.
doppler studies were performed that revealed compromise of blood flow to the middle cerebral artery which raised the question of severe fetal lack of enough healthy red blood cells.
she will follow up with doctor 497 on 2176-9-13..
during her initial wave of palliative radiation to cervical/thoracic spine, she also developed similar symptoms which resolved on steroid therapy that was subsequently stopped about 3 weeks ago.
she states her mother's mental status has been progressively declining since her discharge from the hospital on 1-22.
foley catheter was discontinued, as was her central line.
by the time of discharge on postoperative days **** the patient was walking freely, the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics.
it was felt her bleeding was likely from the portal gastropathy in setting of recent ethanol use.
on postoperative days # 1 she was started on betablockade, lasix and statin therapy.
after implantable cardioverter-defibrillator and lead extraction on 2109-11-19, patient has remained blood flow stable, not feverish, no signs of systemic infection.
the procedure was done via the right radial approach.
they recommended lantus 14 units every bedtime and humalog sliding scale, as well as metformin.
a cardiac catheterization was performed showing a totally occluded left anterior descending artery which was incompletely opened with angioplasty.
bone doctors was consulted for his right medial malleolus fracture ; he was taken to the operating room on 2171-9-4 for open reduction internal fixation.
she was given integrilin x 18 hours and heparin drop.
work-up included right upper quadrant ultrasound and liver body imaging per above.
74-year-old right-handed woman with a history of right-sided superior brain artery stroke and right- sided brain blood collects presents with left-sided facial droop, left- sided upper and lower body weakness in a upper motor vehicle pattern,left-sided neglect, and left-side extinction
she was given lasix 80mg by vein, by mouth mucomyst, placed on a non-rebreather and had a lung blood clot protocol body imaging. she was then transferred to the hospital unit name 153..
he then had a bleeding scan which was negative.
patient was discharged with instructions to return for echocardiogram within one week of discharge, to see primary care provider in followup for chemistries and complete blood count ( while on indomethacin ) within one year, and to return to see dr. first name8 last name in card
he continued to spike low grade fevers prompting a repeat infectious workup without any identifiable source so infectious doctor was consulted.
fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his mental status improved.
patient is a 72 year old male with past medical history of heart disease, congestive heart failure, peripheral vascular disease with stent leg (?
he was admitted to the intensive care unit for further monitoring.
she was seen by psychologist on 2187-8-23 and started on olanzapine 2.5mg hospital1 with improvement.
patient had flat jugular venous pressure and warm extremities, no evidence of closure.
the following morning ( 7-13 ), the patient became low blood pressure at around 11am with blood pressure 80/40 and was anuric.
post procedure right upper body pressure went dorsalis dextrose 15- > 10 pericardial pressure from 15-> 3.
74-year-old male with history high blood pressure, papillary renal cell carcinoma status post resection ( partial nephrectomy and distal surgical incision into the pancreas with splenectomy for removal of possible mass, later presumed to represent chronic pancreatitis ) 2123-11
the patient is a 45 year-old number of pregnancies 5 para 1, last menstrual period 2131-7-11 who presented with severe dysmenorrhea and dysfunctional uterine bleeding.
with initiation of dialysis / ultrafiltration and aggressive fluid removal he was able to be weaned to trach mask.
his hospital course by systems until the events on 12-13 is as
# neuro : given the limited history, it was initially difficult to assess whether symptoms represented a new restriction in blood supply event vs. recrudescence of old stroke symptoms in setting of acute medical problems vs. seizure with post-ictal state vs. toxic-metabolic.
another body imaging of the abdomen was done on 1-25 showing increased perihepatic and perisplenic abnormal accumulation of fluid.
anesthesia gave him two doses of narcan with no response.
admitted to medical intensive care unit for further management after receiving solumedrol 125 mg by vein x 1.
after stabilizing in intensive care unit, off ventilator and on doing well on room air he was sent to the medicine floor.
the patient was then transferred to the coronary care unit service for medical management in anticipation of possible percutaneous coronary intervention later in the admission.
patient's management at outside hospital was additionally complicated by kidney failure with a creatinine bump from 1.1 to 2.7, thought possibly to be 3-20 contrast nephropathy from body imaging on 3-18.
also on home benzodiazepines, could be benzo withdrawal.
in the emergency department, he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate, insulin, sodium bicaronate, and kayexelate.
was dialyzed on third hospital day as above with spike in temperature.
this was thought to be iatrogenic 1-15 stenting and possible jailing of the diagonal, so he was started on heparin drip and treated for heart attack.
electrocardiogram demonstrated persistent st elevations in the precordial leads with some decrease in magnitude of the elevation from prior electrocardiograms's, and with q-waves as well.
csf herpes simplex virus and vancomycin-resistant enterococcus bacteria pending at time of transfer.
the patient was extubated on 2112-7-16, blood filtering # 2, without event.
left lower lobe performed 1-1 showed no evidence of infection.
patient'long history of prednisone for acute kidney failure, in context of low blood pressure and overspeed heart rate associated with these episodes.
the patient was amiodarone loaded with 150mg then started on 1mg/min drop.
urinary tract infection : patient was temporary intubated for agitation after having temp pacer.
74 year old female with an extensive smoking history, obstructive lung disease not on medications, presenting with progressively worsening shortness of breath and cough consistent with obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation, and found to have heart attack on admission.
the patient's chief complaint was right flank pain.
at the time of discharge the patient was able to ambulate while on room air without desaturation.
she was treated empirically with vanc/zosyn which was narrowed to cefepime ; this was discontinued prior to discharge.
she has not been on any prolonged trips, had any recent surgeries, been immobilized recently, and has never felt a pain similar to this one.
she denied any abdominal pain and had a benign abdominal exam.
does note some numbness in his toes x 1 year that was evaluated by his doctor.
he initially had a poor response, but by postoperative day five started to make significant urine and was changed to a lasix drip.
electrocardiogram did not show peaked t waves, but rate was 130-150s, left anterior descending, left ventricular hypertrophy, st dep i, automated volt left, ii, v4-6.
51male with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer with mets to brain admitted with shortness of breath.
a total of 40 u of fresh frozen plasma and 9u of platelets were given throughout the active episodes of digestive track bleed.
she was given nahco3 for treatment of her aspirin overdose as per protocol.
for management of her rib fractures pain control and lung toilet have been the primary goal.
# low potassium level : patient's potassium was repleted in setting of ethanol use & withdrawal.
amiodarone is known to rarely cause inflammation of the pancreas ; the patient's antiretroviral therapy was held and was not restarted on discharge.
when his vision did not return he went to the primary care provider where he was found to have his blood pressure in the 200's.
the infant emerged with a good cry, was dried, bulb suctioned and given blow-by oxygen to maintain pink color.
digestive track : patient with history of liver disease, liver cancer status post month/day ( 3 ) 54267.
acute cholecystitis : patient complains of right upper quadrant pain, increase in the number of white blood cells, and low-grade fever at her rehab.
iron studies revealed normal iron level, total iron-binding capacity of 263, ferritin 308.
# chronic kidney disease on hemodialysis : she was continued on blood filtering with goal to remove excess fluid with urinalysis.
he fell several more times and dislocated his shoulder.
afterwards, a swelling under the left pectoralis, which was thought to be related to the manipulation.
a drain was placed in the operating room and leveled at shoulder.
her coumadin was held, but her international normalized ratio did not adequately come down likely secondary to dietary vitamin k deficiency so she received additional by mouth vitamin k with good response of herinternational normalized ratio.
she denies any associated chest pain, shortness of breath, excessive sweating, sensations that heart is pounding, orthopnea, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea.
this morning she gave him breakfast - he ate well and was communicative, and did not appear to be choking.
per rehab notes, patient with low-grade fever on 9-23, pancultured, chest x-ray with bibasilar atelectasis.
from a respiratory standpoint she continued to require oxygen alternating between nasal cannula and oxygen face mask.
the patient is a 51 year old male with hepatitis c virus cirrhosis, right lobe hepatocellular carcinoma, after radiofrequency ablation on 2154-5-1 who presents preop for a liver transplant in a.m.
was brought to hospital 1281 hospital for temporary stabilization before transfer to hospital1 18 for continuity of care with patient's cardiologist dr. last name 5686..
the patient was admitted on 6-14 for biopsy and resection of a duodenal mass.
rits were followed initially every four hours and then every 12 hours when levels stabilized.
an body imaging of his internal auditory canal was performed which showed enhancement of the facial nerve.
during her stay in the intensive care unit, transaminitis recurred and was thought to be direct toxicity from one of the broad spectrum drugs she was receiving, likely ambisome.
33female with hypothyroidism, history of obesity now status post bypass causing lack of enough healthy red blood cells requiring by vein iron every 3months, and history of over speed heart rate in the past presents with shortness of breath and leg swelling.
three days later on 2121-10-12, he was admitted with chest pain and shortness of breath to hospital6 3872.
throughout the operating room, the patient remained blood flow stable and not feverish.
infectious disease, she was started on a course of ampicillin and gentamicin.
# lung infection : the patient was admitted date range 77005 to hospital 4199 hospital with bilateral upper lobe lung infection and obstructive lung disease exacerbation.
she also has a positive troponin, but had no chest pain or electrocardiogram changes and no aspirin was given due to the bleeding.
18 year old gentleman who was admitted to the acute care service complains of abdominal pain after he was struck in the right flank by another playing while he was playing hockey.
a torso body imaging scan performed there was otherwise unremarkable.
52male with history of non-ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy ( left ventricular blood pumping score 20 % ), obstructive lung disease, who presents with shortness of breath, worsening acutely today while at home, but getting progressively worse since 2-13.
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit, patient's vital signs were 97.7, heart rate 96, blood pressure 137/72, respiratory rate 15, 98 % room air.
was evaluated extensively and pan scanned but no cause of bleeding found.
transplant team pulled his blood filtering line and tip was sent for culture.
review of body imaging abdomen by radiologist with transplant surgery resident showed no concern for colitis.
there was a normal fetal survey at 21 weeks.
he was noted to have decompensated dilated cardiomyopathy with a 2d-echo showing 3+ mitral regurgitation with an left ventricular blood pumping score of 15-20 %.
due to concern for high clot burden in bilateral upper body, patient was placed on anticoagulation with coumadin.
the decision had been made prior to surgery to have the patient evaluated by cardiology for potential mitral valvuloplasty as the patient was felt to be a good candidate for this.
he was subsequently started on a labetolol drip with blood pressure decreasing slightly.
hospice was considered but not initiated as the patient was not fully understanding of the extent of his illness.
her abdomen was left open with the plans to take back and re-explore in 24 hours to reevaluate several questionable areas of potentially deficient supply of blood bowel.
fluids, electrolytes, nutrition-previous electroylte abnornalities were all consistent with watery stool and low volume of circulating blood including hypovolemic hyponatremia and loss of bicarb in diarrhea.
during these two days, he also noted subjective fevers, chills and a poor appetite.
on 7-13 he was noted with increasing liver function tests and lipase ; magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography was performed which showed worsening pancreatic necrosis and swelling as well as worsening hemorrhagic collections around the pancreas ( at this time he was coagulopathic with an international
name is a 49 year-old man who by vocation is a car salesman who is known to have hepatitis for about 15 to 19 years.
bilateral basal opacities were seen initially in the postoperative period on chest x-ray.
she was given blow-by oxygen and facial continuous positive airway pressure.
the emergency department consulted cardiology, who were not surprised by the very mild trop elevation in the setting of likely seizure / overspeed heart rate in a patient with known heart disease ; they recommended trending the troponin and electrocardiogram ( though not very useful with extensive conduction system disease ) and
patient was given 40 by vein lasix with minimal response.
patient was transferred from the intensive care unit to the floor and the jackson-pratt drain was discontinued.
patient had low platelet count, heparin was discharged.
beta blockade and further diuresis were begun the morning after surgery.
in the critical care unit on transfer he felt well other than fatigue and shortness of breath.
his aggrenox and plavix were held as patient was going for perc chole and had been guaiac positive.
will continue at current dose, recheck transthoracic shunt as outpatient.
the right coronary artery had 90 % narrowing just before getting off the posterior descending artery.
he was closely followed by infectious disease, lung, and epstein-barr virus.
#.heart disease : patient had elevated tn, in setting of severe slow heart rate, heart rate 17-20s.
of note in her primary care provider office she was given 2 days of azithro and mucinex without improvement.
age over 90 female with heart disease ( status post pci 2165 ), congestive heart failure ( blood pumping score 40 % ), high blood pressure, diabetes, chronic kidney disease stage iv, and history of distant breast cancer who presented to the emergency department with worsening lower back pain.
following surgery she was brought to the cardiovascular intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition.
it also showed an anteroapical deficient supply of blood that was new.
89 year old russian speaking male with heart disease status post heart bypass surgery in 2169, medically managed non-stem implantable cardioverter-defibrillator 9-/2182, abnormal heart rate ( not on coumadin ), overspeed heart rate/brady syndrome status post
discussion began regarding end of life care and palliative care was consulted.
50 year old female with no significant past medical history who is being admitted to the hospital unit name 153 for profuse vaginal bleeding with low blood pressure.
she was discharged to rehab for continued recovery of her physical function.
all sedation was held to get a more appropriate neurologic examination.
trop continued to trend upwards without chest pain or findings on electrocardiogram.
of note, she reports that she is already followed by a retinal specialist at the meei for her macular degeneration.
lung : the patient was transferred to hospital1 18 intubated.
repeat body imaging scan showed fluid around the aortic graft.
she was tranferred to hospital1 18 for further management.
also being treated for lung infection ( vanc/cefepime/flagyl for lung inflammation ( d1=8-28 for 8 days ).
target under lower limb lipoprotein 70, but at 78 and this was not perfect non-fasting level.
she was diuresed aggressively for this, and will follow up with a chest x-ray next week.
patient 107587 is an 84-year-old man with hoarseness and left vocal cord paralysis.
he had a chest body imaging demonstrating his known pleural much fluid but no infiltrates.
right ventricular high heartbeat rhythm was avoided out of concern for worsening thrombocytopenia.
obtuse speciation and sensitivies showed pseudomonas oxytoca sensitive to amp/sulbactam.
with these interventions, his sodium remained stable and white blood cell count beginning to trend back to normal by discharge.
she was given the recommendation of followup with her primary care and cardiologist in location 3844 when she returned home.
ms.patient 31624 is a 68 year old female transferred from outside hospital with persistent cholangitis/biliary obstruction status post patient stent x 3 for malignant biliary stricture at level of common hepatic duct extending to hilum.
by emergency medical service report on the scene she was physically restrained by police officers and covered in feces, apparently her boyfriend admitted that she had been drinking for the past week.
a head imaging was obtained and showed no acute change in comparrison to previous head body imaging's.
while on the coronary care unit floor, patient was switched to dobutamine and dopamine with the plan to eventually add nitroglycerin drop.
catheterization showed severe three vessel disease and a left ventricular blood pumping score of 38 %.
the patient reports a month long period of exertional chest pain manifested as chest pain with radiation to the midback, relieved with rest.
on depakote at nursing home, but seizure history unclear.
right lower body ultrasound was limited due to patient's contractures, but no obvious formation of blood clot in deep vein.
during his stay, a gastrostomy tube was also placed and he was nutritionally maintained on tube feedings.
patient's vital signs were stabilized following use of lorazepam to treat acute cocaine intoxication.
subsequent echocardiography did not reveal any evidence of pericardial much fluid.
they recommended a further evaluation of his mental status with an electroencephalogram, b12 and multivitamin.
it was associated with some shortness of breath and mild nausea, and the pain was much worse with deep breathing.
patient told medical team that his arthritis and back pain was well controlled with the tylenol regimen, therefore, patient was told he should follow up as an outpt by talking to his primary care provider and asking him/her to make a referral for pain management if patient wants to explore pain management further.
went back to operating room for sternal washout and closure on postoperative days # 2.
61 year old male with past multiple bone marrow cancer treated with chemo and radiotherapy, multiple hospital admissions for lung infection in recent months, now admitted on 7-5 for legs paralysis related to spinal cord involvement, complicated by upper body deep vein blood clot, and newly found lung nodules concerning for mal
following polypectomy the patient had several episodes of bright red blood per rectum, one of which necessitated transfer to the intensive care unit.
abnormal heart rate : paroxysmal abnormal heart rate known on history with abnormal heart rhythm and rapid ventricular rate during intensive care unit stay requiring a combination of betablockers and cyclophosphamide as well as initiation of amiodarone.
in 7-3, patient complained of right arm / shoulder pain progressing to slight increase in shortness of breath.
she was transferred to hospital1 18 intensive care unit due to her respiratory distress from b/l aspiration lung infection.
she has subsequently developed symptoms of congestive heart failure with lower limb swelling, five pound weight, shortness of breath on exertion, orthopnea, paroxysmal abnormal reversal of blood flow.
he subsequently went into acute kidney failure secondary to septic shock, with elevated createnine and oliguria.
# altered mental state : the patient was diagnosed with altered mental status on barium meal test, and has tolerated 7+3 therapy without complaint.
consider cardiology follow-up as outpatient given echo finding of intracardiac shunt
liver was consulted and performed emergent endoscopy for concern for variceal bleed.
of note, blood pressure spiked to 198/96 during this episode, but trended down to 160's/90's.
last year, was at location 38 at which time started celexa, buspar, and haldol.
he was transferred to the cardiac surgery recovery unit on levophed, milirone, epinephrine, and vasopressin with intra-aortic balloon pump.
reports from hospital6 20592 show the patient had an upper endoscopy-body imaging on 2103-12-24 which
hence she was put on continuous positive airway pressure for some time.
cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain, shortness of breath on exertion, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle swelling, syncope or presyncope.
sensitivity data showed all 3 species were sensitive to ciprofloxacin and therefore zosyn was discontinued.
nephrology was consulted and emergently placed an blood filtering line and initiated blood filtering with the goal of rapid removal of salicylate to help prevent neurotoxicity.
an endoscopy was performed which was completely normal, without any sign of mass or bleed.
body imaging was done to rule out deficient supply of blood noting no evidence of acute deficiency of blood, or acute bleeding.
physical therapy was consulted to assist with discharge planning.
name - the patient was instructed to follow up with his primary care provider regarding his patient/international normalized ratio levels.
abnormal heart rate with rapid ventricular rate : new onset during this admission.
of note is she was previously seen by dr first name8 last name here at hospital1 18 in neurosurgery and he is no longer working here.
on review of symptoms, his wife denies any prior history of stroke, transient ischemic attack, deep venous blood clots, lung blood clot, bleeding at the time of surgery, muscle aches, joint pains, cough, coughing up of blood, black stools or red stools.
given cardiac enzyme leak in the setting of this demand, scope was delayed until blood dynamics stabilized.
her heart function is stable with a preserved ejection fraction at 60-65 %, no significant valvular abnormality.
her creatinine initially improved with decreased excretion of urine but her diuresis limit was reached and she became oliguric.
diabetes - patient was treated with an insulin sliding scale and, four days prior to discharge, also with her at-home actos dose.
the patient was admitted to the hospital unit name 196 service at that time for medicine that makes body produce more pee.
he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department.
the mass was biopsied and revealed an adenoma with high grade dysplasia.
for pain control she is being discharged on percocet which was effective in controlling her pain throughout her hospital stay.
for anticoagulation she was placed on a heparin drop and coumadin by mouth.
2191-7-31 remains in cardiovascular intensive care unit, slightly sedated, intubated-weaning to continuous positive airway pressure, then as tolerated.
while in the emergency department he had a seizure ( described as jerking tonic/clonic, generlized, with face deviating to the left, looked like grand-mal, brief ).
the family was not comfortable making her comfort measures only on holiday.
this continued for at least 10 minutes until emergency medical service arrived.
there her vital signs were stable and a 3 way foley was placed.
on transfer to the critical care unit the patient denied any current symptoms.
abnormal heart rate with rapid ventricular rate : heart rate to 150s in the emergency department, given 10mg by vein dilt x 2 and 30mg by mouth dilt with some response ( heart rate decreased to 120s ).
the morning after his admission his propofol was stopped and he was extubated without difficulty.
the procedure was successful, with recanalization of the entire basilar segment with a possible small blood clot in the right patient-controlled analgesia which was not flow limiting.
eomi and his vision and visual fields are grossly intact, although he wears location 1131 glasses, but did not have them with him during this admission.
she will resume coumadin and is discharged on lovenox until therapeutic.
she was initially admitted there on 2170-5-9 directly from the office for workup of ascites.
after a few minutes patient became completely non-responsive and was intubated by anesthesia.
the patient is a 3120 g, 38-week, male, born to a 36-year-old, gravida 3, para 12, female.
for the first several days he was placed in a halo and given morphine for pain control.
the body imaging were reviewed with the radiologists, infectious disease team, and primary team who decided that the probability of facet infection/infectious myositis was unlikely ; antibiotics were therefore discontinued ( received 7 days of vancomycin ).
a comprehensive workup for reversible reasons of illness was initiated - this included but was not limited to thyroid tests, human immunodeficiency virus, virus, hepatitis b viral, hepatitis c viral, serum lead, rheumatoid factor, doctor first name, crp, escherichia coli,
this study was limited by gado so they perform another body imaging.
on exam, she was responding `` yah '' to all questions.
transferred to floor, then after infectious disease consult, decision was made to discontinue levaquin as well, with plan of 7days of vancomycin after her central line discontinued.
as the patient was not able to follow commands and had a difficult airway, the intensive care unit team did not feel that he was a candidate for extubation, compounded by an increase in secretions due to ventilator-associated lung infection], the decision was made to proceed to trach
patient placed on empiric 10 day course of levofloxacin.
after the operation, he was brought to the child support recovery unit on minimal inotropic support.
his creatinine had peaked around 3, and had returned to his baseline near 2 through diuresis by the time of discharge.
the patient now presents for evaluation of his moderately severe mitral valve prolapse.
the catheterization showed double occlusion of posterior descending artery, no intervention was done.
it was impressed upon the patient multiple times that it is imperative he stop given the association with vascular disease and he was additionally prescribed a nicotine patch on discharge towards this goal.
# cirrhosis : patient with history of alcoholic vs non-alcoholic scarring complicated by esophagel, gastric, and rectal varices.
he tolerated the operation well and was transferred to the cardiac surgery intensive care unit in stable condition.
of note, the patient has been complaining of persistent left upper quadrant and left flank pain and recently completed a course of antibiotics for his phlegmon without development of bacterial sepsis.
she was bacteremia on pressors at numerous points during her hospital course.
in each case, the patient was shocked at 200 j and given chest compressions, after which she came back into normal sinus rhythm.
patient 496 presented to emergency department via ambulance from group home for evaluation of abdominal pain with nausea/vomiting x 6 days.
of note patient was recently discharged from outside hospital in 4-29 after presenting with weakness and altered mental status.
her last stress test was a myocardial perfusion imaging in 2165 which showed improved reversible defects.
her fevers are likely related to her human immunodeficiency virus and possibly her medications.
entamoeba histolytica antibody was also sent given her hepatic and central nervous system findings and was still pending at time of discharge.
patient was in his usual state of health until 2193-12-27 when he developed rectal bleeding.
patient last name ( titles ) 1834 a minimally invasive esophagectomy on 11-11 for high grade dysplasia of the esophagus with no evidence of metastatic disease, pathology confirmed barrett's food pipe with no malignancy.
his hospital stay was significant for evaluation by blood doctor, in which they diagnosed him with likely hit type 2.
stomach disease : patient was on omeprazole 20mg daily at home.
home aspirin, plavix, and statin were continued.
a d-dimer was positive, but given the kidney failure, he only underwent lenis that did not demonstrate evidence of blood clot.
he was seen by physical therapy and felt safe to go to rehab.
the otitis media1 had a lesion that looked acutely ruptured and occluding.
she will need 3 more weeks of by vein last name ( lf ) 112289, first name3 ( left) follow-up with her primary care physician last name 2 weeks, then with pulmonolgy in about a month ( scheduling in process at time of discharge ).
of note reported no bowel movement but continued to pass flatus and there was no concern for a postoperative ileus.
on arrival to the emergency department, vital signs 99.8 140 136/60 26 96 %, fs : 93.
in the emergency department, he was blood flow stable ( high blood pressure ) and overspeed heart rate to 100's.
he has a history of motor vehicle accident/tbi/l craniotomy 18 years ago, with subsequent temproparietal motor vehicle crash with right sided residual weakness & expressive impairment of language.
a cat scan done at another hospital showed hemo-peritoneum around the sigmoid colon.
the patient was admitted to the medical intensive care unit for ongoing chronic vascular disease given his pressures were prohibitive for traditional blood filtering.
the patient is a 40 year old woman with a history of hypoparathyroidism secondary to a parathyroid adenoma and papillary thyroid cancer, after total thyroidectomy and right superior thyroidectomy on 2160-9-30, who recovered well but whose course was complicated by parathy
12-27 : increased pain regimen 12-29 : tolerated a regular diet 1-2 : the patient had a voiding cystogram which was normal, with no evidence of contrast extravasation.
the patient's worsening kidney function was thought to be due to obstruction presumably from the small bowel mass.
intraoperatively the patient had several episodes of decompensated abnormal heart rate, but these were controlled with medication alone.
she had no return of shortness of breath while on the general medical floors.
she moved him to the floor and started chest compression.
his coumadin was somewhat difficult to titrate - initially minimally responsive to 5mg daily of coughmadin then supratherapeutic rapidly to > 4 on 6-7mg daily.
and heel osteo on 6 weeks of meropenem and linezolid to be completed 2204-12-2.
he was transferred back to critical care unit, was started on pressors, and had to be intubated due to lung swelling.
the patient was closely monitored with a foley but it was discontinued on 2170-9-19.
chest x-ray showed volume overloaded, so she was diuresed and extubated on 5-2.
no significant findings on event monitor per doctor last name 11493.
pertussis culture/serology, influenza a/b, rapid viral screen and culture were sent and were pending at the time of discharge.
vent was weaned, and the patient was extubated.
on review of symptoms, she denies any prior history of stroke, transient ischemic attack, deep venous blood clots, lung blood clot, bleeding at the time of surgery, muscle aches, coughing up of blood.
please follow up with a repeat urinalysis at the end of fluconazole course.
in an effort to mobilize her fluid, she was adminstered 50g of albumin daily followed by by by intravenous lasix.
she denies any recent fever, chest pain.
was eventually converted to nasal cannula from non-rebreather mask after better oxygen saturation.
oropharynx clear, no bleed, uvula swelling decreased daily, no signs of obstruction.
a nonocclusive blood clot was found in the right popliteal vein-mid right supraventricular fibrillation.
she later put out a total of 1100cc of urine prior to transfer to the intensive care unit and was no longer in tripod position but still with a respiratory rate in the high 30s and using accessory muscles.
she recently underwent angioplasty of the superior mesenteric artery stent on 2118-1-19, and has been doing well without any problems eating/drinking until about 3 days ago, when she developed vague abdominal discomfort, distension, and nausea with intake of solid foods.
# code : do not resuscitate but okay to intubate confirmed with son.
the initial streptococcus pneumonia bacteria were sensitive to ceftriaxone, erythromycin, levofloxacin, penicillin, tetracycline, trimethoprim/sulfa, and vancomycin.
- continue soft diet for 3 days - continue ciprofloxacin 500 mg hospital1 for 3 more days  continue omeprazole 40 mg one a day.
antibiotics were continued empirically to cover for possible infections and were stopped when culture data returned negative.
he was transferred to hospital ward name 121 6 on post-operation day two for further monitoring.
42 year old male with a history of hepatitis c and polysubstance abuse ( cocaine, benzodiazepines, heroin ) presents with an opiate/valium overdose.
the patient was discharged home with visiting nursing association services in good condition with appropriate follow up instructions.
also had 3-25 episodes of coffee-ground vomiting and continues to feel nauseous.
lung function tests done in past revealed a mixed obstructive and restrictive ventilatory defect ( fev1.86, fvc1.78 ).
89 year old gentleman with history of abnormal heart rate on coumadin, presented with subdural swelling status-post evacuation, complicated by hospital acquired lung infection, congestive heart failure exacerbation, new atrial thrombus/mass on blood vessel imaging and delirium.
he was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit for frequent neuro checks and transfusion with fresh frozen plasma.
she has a chronic indwelling foley that fell out earlier today and has noted some decreased urine output over the past couple days in setting of decreased by mouth intake.
the white blood cell rose today, however, and an abdominal body imaging was planned, but the patient became acutely low blood pressure, rapid breathing, and diaphoretic this morning.
he initially required a labetalol drip to maintain systolic blood pressure's under 180 but was weaned off of it in the context of restarting his home anti-high blood pressure regimen.
she has had 30 cc/2hr of urinalysis after arival on the floor.
patient began to exfoliative, from the face downward.
he had a waxing and waining level of consciousness and was often responsive only to pain.
source of bleed appeared by location 620 colonoscopy to be from above the ileocecal valve.
chest tubes and wires were discontinued without incident.
the patient states that when the external ventricular drain fired he was experiencing chest discomfort and was given nitroglycerin and morphine.
ceftriaxone was changed to ciprofloxacin for coverage of serratia and he will complete a 2 week course of that.
the evening prior ( 2-18 ), the pain began as a vague tightening that wax and waned but became more frequent and progressively worsened.
she was weaned off of any pressors by post-op day three and started on beta blockers.
his initial electrocardiogram revealed st depression in i, automated volt left, and v2-v5 with abnormal heart rate, tn was.33 ; abnormal heart rhythm has since resolved, st changes now read as non-specific.
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit, he was stable on three pressors, and then began to have large volume output of bright red blood from his nose and mouth.
patient 34909 is a 63 year old woman with history of mitral valve replacement on coumadin, congestive heart failure ( blood pumping score 55 % ), and obstructive lung disease on 3l nasal cannula who presents to the emergency department from pulmonology clinic with significant lack of oxygen with
patient was educated on potential long term effects of colchicine toxicity including rebound leucoytosis and transient alopecia and asked to follow up with primary care provider.
also with frequent urinary tract infections, completing a dose of bactrim today.
anticoagulation was initiated first with heparin, and later with lovenox and coumadin.
in the name, patient was reportedly comfortable.
she was discharged to rehab in 2135-4-5 and since that time, the patient reports new development of vulvar pain and worsening hematuria.
he also had sick/vomiting, chills but no sweating.
on discharge the patient was not feverish, non-neutropenic, without signs of infection other than a mild cough.
blood and urine cultures were sent and showed no growth to date at time of transfer.
while on the floor this morning, the team noted that she was low blood pressure to 90s/60s and she was started on vancomycin and cefepime for coverage of possible lung infection.
# pain : from left flank lesion/fall and superficial wounds.
2171-4-12 : temp spike 103, vancomycin/zosyn started, aline discontinued, feeding tube changed to ogt.
overnight into 2-12 she was feverish to 102.1 and she again expressed her intentions to leave against medical advice.
anti-inflammatory echocardiogram, and for mortality benefits ), aspirin 325 mg was restarted in hosp on admission.
patient 72441 was initially kept strictly nothing by mouth due to his suspected aspiration lung infection.
she also received doxycycline while tick-borne serologies were pending.
per family report she was diagnosed with depression at age 16 and was started on an antidepressant at that time ; she self discontinued the medication.
she was continued on antibiotics ( amp-sublactam and azithromycin ) and steroids, her anticoagulation was stopped, and she was also diuresed gently to keep steadily negative fluid balances.
his net fluid balance was negative 200 cc that day.
has had several sets of cardiac enzymes drawn, all which were negative, although he did have t wave inversions in i, v1-v4 which were new from prior electrocardiogram done in 2103-5-29.
he was worked-up in the usual preoperative manner including vein mapping and lung function testing.
she passed a swallow evaluation and was evaluated by physical therapy who recommended rehab.
he had low suspicion for lung blood clot ( negative leni ), and had an echocardiogram that showed relatively well preserved cardiac function.
marked clinical deterioration- clinically today had left sided dense hemiparesis, mild neglect and visual field cut on left. during heart electrical activity detection received fentanyl and versed, per nurses verbal report.
her blood pressure was treated appropriately and cardiology service was consulted for improved management of her high blood pressure.
on 7-25, the patient was noted to have increased weakness and progressed to a feeling of an inability to move his extremities on 7-26.
the patient was switched to oral amiodarone after having converted to sinus.
* cough : patient had a dry cough on admission, which ecame more severe during hospital stay.
breathing failure : as per trauma team, intubated for air hunger, by mouth oxygen was 66 with pco2 of 21.
the body imaging showed a focus of hyperintensity in right occipital lobe that could represent small acute infarct as well as abnormality in left centrum semiovale consistent with either too much fluid versus metastatic lesion.
hep c viral load 55,000,000. per outside hospital records, his highly active antiretroviral therapy was held upon admission to outside hospital 2-17 concern for reconstitution syndrome in addition to concern that highly active antiinflammatory therapy regimen could be causing liver failure ( patient was briefly
appointment scheduled with doctor 1940..
electrolyte labs revealed some hypophosphatemia which was felt to be secondary to respiratory alkalosis in the setting of acute coronary syndrome.
15female in doctor last name ( back seat ) rollover motor vehicle accident, questionable loss of consciousness, rightue injury with arterial bleeding and significant blood loss at scene, tourniquet placed on scene ; patient reports placing right hand against window as rollover occurred
in the intensive care unit, he was given 6.5 l of fluids and required a levophed drip and vasopressin.
the patient's plavix (a medication used to reduce the risk of heart disease and stroke by up to 60% in those at high risk) was not restarted as it was greater than one year since the patient's last percutaneous intervention.
89 year-old male with a past medical history of bioprosthetic heart artery valve replacement, high blood pressure, high levels of fats, diastolic heart failure who presented with a hypersensitivity drug reaction to bactrim, whose airway was never compromised, was observed in the intensive care unit
71 year old male with history of mm ( iiia kappa ) status post autobmt with relapse, paroxysmal abnormal heart rate, subdural swelling that is filled with blood who presents with insufficient oxygen and altered mental status.
he is preparing for discharge to a rehabilitation facility.
he was admitted to the medical intensive care unit nothing by mouth, on intravenous fluid rescusitation, intubated, with a foley catheter in place, and intravenous fentanyl for pain.
she was transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department where creatine kinase > 200,000 and creatinine 3.0 with unstable angina +blood, no red blood cells, +muddy brown casts.
per his parents, his voice is more nasal, as well as slurred and much softer.
he was felt to be a poor candidate for catheterization secondary to his complicated coronary anatomy with multiple previous interventions.
continued to make good progress and was cleared for discharge to home with visiting nursing association on postoperative days # 4.
initial labs showed elevated amylase 183 and lipase 157.
he denies abdominal pain, fevers, chills and states that he would like to go home in the morning.
copd exacerbation : patient was transferred on prednisone for a presumed chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation.
in addition he will follow up with a dentist and undergo a colonoscopy to look for underlying source predisposed him to streptococcus anginosus ( milleri ) bacteremia.
his oxygen was eventually weaned off and his room air saturations were 96 %.
patient is a 79-year-old man with a history of diabetes, end-stage renal disease on blood filtering, high blood pressure, high levels of fats who presented with impairment of language and right face/arm/leg weakness, found to have a left brain artery stroke from likely embolic source,
the patient reports occasional shortness of breath when he walks anywhere from 10ft to 2-10 a mile.
he underwent continuous video electroencephalogram montioring throughout most of his hospital course.
an interventional radiology guided gj tube was also attempted but was unsuccessful given the patient's unusual anatomy after bowel resection for duodenal ulcer in the past.
breathing distress - on 10-29 patient was noted to be rapid breathing rate at 36/m with oxygen saturation 90 % 4l/m nasal cannula which prompted a trigger.
he did not mount a reflex overspeed heart rate from this probably because he was beta-blocked from his carvedilol which he takes at home.
on the morning of 7-12 she experinced repeat headache followed by nausea/vomiting.
electrocardiogram show t-wave inversion v3-v6 and inferior leads, st depression inferior leads, repeat show resolution of st depression in inf leads.
tpn was deferred as it was felt that patient should continue to try to use her digestive tract as much as possible.
patient was triggered for low blood pressure on arrival to systolic blood pressure 70 ( baseline in 90s ).
tias, prostate cancer and chronic back pain presented to first name8 last name hospital emergency department earlier today when he had acute onset of chest, abdomen and back pain occurring simultaneously.
the patient was counseled on the fact that a recurrence was likely, and she decided to proceed with her discharge and follow up with her primary care provider and tumor doctor.
acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy ( first name9 7816 location syndrome ) - his recurrence of the syndrome likely resulted from upper respiratory infection secondary to hemophilus influenza, and possible in the setting of influenza vaccination.
however, he does complain of cough which is a side effect of the stimulator.
a goals of care meeting was arranged with the family, intensive care unit, neurology and palliative care.
the patient was found in the bed by his wife, choking and unresponsive in the mid afternoon on the day of admission.
infant emerged blue, and limp with little respiratory effort.
patient states that his peripheral vascular disease catheter has not been working properly during the same time ; he reports putting in 2l dialysate and only getting 1l fluid out.
# diarrhea - likely from all of his lactulose, but given recent low grade fever and multiple antibiotics, a bacteria test was negative.
at hospital6 33, he received 13.5 units of packed red blood cells.
assessment/plan - 19 year old female with history of depression, after drug overdose as suicide attempt, after intubation for airway protection.
transfused 1 unit platelets and 1 unit of packed red blood cells during admission
additionally, she received chest physical therapy and was started on inhaled steroids in setting of emphysema and persistent cough with sputum production.
creatinine was elevated up to peak of 86, troponin was also elevated and has not yet peaked.
he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his heart rate was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl drop and versed for sedation.
# septic shock : source is escherichia coli urinary tract infection 1-29 prostatomegaly.
this was thought likely to be due to delirium given multiple factors including disturbance in sleep-wake cycle, infection, and concern for possible seizures given myoclonic movements.
several conversations were held with mrs.patient 96174 husband and son, both physicians.
her hospital course was significant for peri-operative cardiac arrest and low blood pressure and later a digestive track bleeding episode requiring intensive care unit stay.
patient 72376 was emergently taken to the body imaging scanner after being evaluated by the neurology stroke team.
she was found with empty bottle of tegretol ( 2 wk supply, bottle date 4/5/5 ) full bottle of trazodone 400mg hydrochlorothiazide ( date 2125-3-17 ) full bottle of fluoxitine 80mg daily( date 2
the following day his hematocrit dropped to 19.6, and after 3 units of transfusion, his proportion of red blood cells increased to 26.
per identifying data will plan to treat methicillin-sensitive staphylococcus aureus bacteremia/abscesses with intravenous daptomycin to total of 6-8wk course.
post operatively he went to the intensive care unit where he was monitored closely and blood pressure was kept at a normal range to perfuse his cord.
he was monitored on telemetry which showed paroxysmal abnormal heart rate.
the patient was neurologically intact and blood flow stable on no inotropic or vasopressor support.
nasogastric lavage was performed with return of approximately 500ml of blood.
chest x-ray done at the nursing home revealed bibasilar infiltrates and she was placed on bactrim.
the location 109 was estimated at 0.7cm2.
white count coming down to 13 and proportion of red blood cells stable at 29.6.
# ipf -- it was felt that the patient's lack of oxygen could have been caused by his ipf that has significantly worsened or is the substrate upon which another process is acting.
he was also diuresed given his congestive liver disease and acute kidney injury both thought to be due to poor forward flow from decompensated heart failure.
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit, she perceverates on the subject of sodium.
her coumadin ( on for abnormal heart rate ) was withheld until 10/11 per neurosurgery ; her home dose regimen was restarted on 9-12 which is 2 mg daily except for on tuesday's when she receives 3 mg.
she was placed on vancomycin for empiric coverage, dosed by levels.
initial platelets were 212 but dropped to 124 prior to transfer.
a bowel prep was performed and capsule endoscopy was performed, results pending at the time of discharge.
patient then had left main stem stent placed via interphalangeal joint and discharged on 2180-12-2..
patient is a 85 year old male with severe heart disease status post heart bypass surgeryx2, bioprosthetic mitral valve replacement, restriction in blood supply cm with ejection fraction 25 % who presents with worsening shortness of breath.
on 9-28 the patient again began to complain of abdominal pain, diffuse in nature, constant and sharp in nature, rated 9-8.
she was noted to have abnormal thickening and swelling of the aryepiglottic folds, right greater than left, as well as nonspecific circumferential swelling at the pharyngeoesophageal junction on a body imaging scan of her neck at the outside hospital.
the pain itself is not associated with nausea, vomiting or sweating.
he beleves that he had a 'cold'approximately one week ago, with cough, runny nose and subjective fevers.
the patient had a single episode of chest pain while in the hospital which was relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin.
patient should have a repeat head body imaging in a few months after discharge.
upon further investigation, his pain was noted to be reproducible by physical exam, namely by pressing down on his head and turning his neck to the left.
the patient was monitored on telemetry with no ectopy noted.
he was transferred to critical care unit for further observation on aggrenox drop and nitro drop to prevent vasospasm.
per identifying data, given clinical improvement will continue with current regimen.
initial labs were notable for a normal white blood cell ( 7.0 ), proportion of red blood cells ( 40.9 ), and brain natriuretic peptide of 1180.
chest x-ray's post chest tube removal revealed bilateral apical pneumothoraces.
on vaginal exam she was noted to have small clots.
at this point she called her life and she was brought to hospital1 18.
fluconazole by vein was started on 12-4 with plan to treat until 12-29.
cardiac catheterization conducted at an outside hospital demonstrated three vessel disease with 95 to 98 % mid left anterior descending narrowing, 95 % left circumflex narrowing and 80 % right coronary artery narrowing.
the patient was discharged from hospital1 112 to the armonoiom house in jp on 12-29.
he states that the abdominal pain is located predominantly in the left lower quadrant, was mostly crampy and occasionally sharp in character, non-radiating.
subsequent proportion of red blood cells found to be down to 22 from 32 baseline.
another horizontal line below the right nipple from the right lateral to the midline chest contrasted the right upper pink body with the lower right cyanotic abdomen and legs.
blood cultures were done which were negative and a chest xray showed some bilateral small much fluids and atelectasis.
she was noted to have electrocardiogram changes prior to arrival to hospital, but had no elevation in enzymes.
she was initially placed in the intensive care unit due to her sepsis picture.
digestive system specialist performed endoscopy at the time of patient's arrival to the hospital unit name 153 and found non-bleeding erosion in the stomach and duodenum.
arrived to the emergency department minimally responsive with no evidence of trauma.
# likely aspiration lung infection vs pneumonitis : patient had a history of difficulty swallowing and aspiration lung disease presenting with mildly elevated white blood cell count, low grade temperature and insufficient oxygen.
on arrival at sturdy, she had mild rales, with chest x-ray demonstrating mild congestive heart failure.
she has initials ( namepattern4 ) last name ( name pattern4 ), first name3 ( left femoral artery ) 96555 who takes care of her at home.
the neck swelling began this morning and he is complaining of difficulty swallowing and difficulty breathing.
otherwise there were no complications and she tolerated her full dose aspirin well.
on post-operation day 2, the patient had another episode of respiratory distress and was transferred to the intensive care unit for further management.
# history of ventric high heartbeat rhythm : episodes of ventricular overspeed heart rate occurred in setting of decompensated congestive heart failure, likely secondary to some demand deficient supply of blood, but ruled out for heart attack.
she underwent upper endoscopy with 3 bands placed to esophageal varices.
50 year old woman with new onset of chest pain on exertion and had positive exercise stress test.
he states that he has continued to have a poor appetite and did have occasional episodes of nausea and bloating with small volume vomiting.
also rec 'd baracath to prepare for body imaging scan but then had a large episode of bright red blood per rectum.
she will complete a 4 week course of ceftriaxone and follow up with infectious disease.
exam remarkable for 3/6 systolic ejection murmur, loudest at the base and radiated to the upper chest and neck.
arterial blood gas with good oxygenation and ventilation, but desaturates with fraction of inspired oxygen less than 99 % 4/6pt with cardiac arrest and death pronounced.
progression of lung fibrosis, right greater than left, likely upper endoscopy or fibrotic subtype of non-small cell lung infection.
patient was transferred to cardiac surgery recovery unit in stable condition with a phenylephrine drip for blood pressure support, insulin drip, and being titrated on propofol.
# respiratory failure : patient was continued on mechanincal ventilation.
also found to be in respiratory alkalosis ( initially on arterial blood gas prior to transfer from trauma surgical intensive care unit ), which was thought likely secondary to central hyperventilation and was treated with acetazolamide until improved.
she denies any recent illnesses, fever, chills, weight gain or weight loss, sick, vomiting, constipation, painful urination, bleeding, muscle aches, or rashes.
colitis ( at hospital1 756 in month ( only ) 116 ).
she was maintatined on her home dose of lisinopril and furosemide 60mg twice daily was started given her diastolic heart failure.
likely nutritional as responded to vitamin k and on long-term antibiotics.
at this time, the patient was evaluated by cardiothoracic surgery service for a heart bypass graft.
electroencephalogram course also notable for body imaging of the abdomen which showed demonstrated a possible small right kidney stone ( workup for red blood cells ).
melanotic material was seen from the mid jejunum to the proximal colon.
the patient is a 72-year-old gentleman who was at the university/college club when he fell over the railing of a stairway with approximately a 20-foot fall.
unclear baseline mental status, per emergency medical service patient visiting from state 108.
head body imaging showed a small contusion with a small subarachnoid bleeding in the left frontal lobe.
of note, patient recently had admission date range 46889 due to abscess following cat scratch and discharged on augmentin and doxycycline for 10 days total ( history 10 daystotal ).
# diarrhea : significant improvement, now bowel movement x4 on lactulose, stool negative for bacteria x3 and no other pathogen could be identified.
neurosurgery was made aware and felt this was catastrophic bleed and not amenable to surgery.
blood urea nitrogen/creatinine increased to 140/3.7 but creatinine returned to baseline after cozaar was held and foley was placed.
patient was restarted on coumadin and will continue aspirin until therapeutic.
he received 600mg by vein clinda and albuterol nebs and he was transferred to hospital1 18 for futher treatment and management.
international normalized ratio at baseline, total bilirubin and liver function tests were at baseline or below.
she also underwent cardiac catheterization which revealed normal coronary arteries.
